planning a study takes a lot of time. Generally, you kind of start with
a question that you have, like, you know. So my my kind of overarching
question is how does what we eat effect, how we feel and how we
learn. And then I take that question and I kind of try to break it
down into smaller and smaller parts. Um, with studies, one of the things
you want to be careful about is not making them too complex. So
I That's one of the reasons I use animals, for instance, because I
can control a lot of factors that I would not be able to control with
humans. Um, like genetics, for instance. Um and then I break it down
so that I'm just looking at, like, I'm not looking at every possible
diet. I'm looking specifically at one versus, like, a controlled
diet. And so that's kind of how you plan studies